=
Fabric testing using a mechanical punch tester should be done
on a point of fabric on which all coating layers are intact. ✅
on a point of fabric where there is a crack or chip in the coatings. 
on a point of fabric that was purposely left uncoated during the covering process to serve as a test point for this purpose.
=
A luminum-pigment in dope is used primarily to
reflect ultraviolet from the fabric.✅
aid in sealing out moisture from the fabric.
provide a silver colour. 
=
Recovering an aircraft with worn fabric with a different type of fabric which has been approved for that aircraft by an STC is considered by FAA to be
a major alteration. ✅
a minor repair.
a major repair.
=
When heat shrinking fabric on a wing, in order to get even tightness and a wrinkle free result, it is best to work
from the root end of the wing outwards to the tips.
from the center section first, then work outwards to the ends.✅
from each end first, then work inwards to the center.
=
Finishing tape (surface tape) is used for what purpose?
To help prevent "ripple formation" in covering fabric. 
To provide additional wear resistance over the edges of fabric forming structures. ✅
To provide additional anti-rear resistance under reinforcement tape.
=
Prior to covering, wing ribs are anchored in place to prevent movement during the covering process by:
braces placed at 8" intervals connecting one rib to the next.
wrapping strips of fabric snugly from one rib to the next. ✅
gussets placed at all points of attachment.
=
When a seam is required in an area of critical airflow such as a leading edge, the minimum amount of fabric overlap is:
2-4 inches.✅
4-6 inches.
1-2 times twice the diameter of the leading edge structure to which it is wrapped.
=
Fabric rejuvenator is used to:
restore fabric strength and tautness to at least the minimum acceptable level.
restore the condition of dope coatings. ✅
penetrate the fabric and restore fungicidal resistance.
=
What is the purpose of a Selvedge edge woven into the edges of fabric or finishing tape?
Prevents the woven fabric from unraveling. ✅
Creates a smooth edge negating the need for additional finishing tape.
Allows fabric to lay down smoothly around contoured shapes.
=
The determining factor(s) for the selection of the correct weight of textile fabric to be used in covering any type of aircraft is the:
speed of the aircraft.
maximum wing loading.
speed of the aircraft and the maximum wing loading. ✅
=
Which type of fabric tape is used on protrusions such as a strut fitting to help prevent the base fabric from tearing?
Reinforcing tape.
Anti-chafe tape.✅
Surface tape.
=
Because of the propeller slipstream, rib lace spacing is closer than outside the slipstream areThe size of the slipstream area is considered to be:
the propeller width plus one additional rib. ✅
twice the propeller width.
the propeller width added to the distance from the propeller to the leading edge.
=
Fungus and mildew have no effect on:
cotton fabric.
linen fabric.
polyester fabric.✅
=
