=
How many of the below factors contribute to cure time of aircraft glues? 
*1. clamping pressure. 
*2. Temperature. 
*3. Humidity. 
*4. porosity of the wood.
One of the factors above. ✅
Two of the factors above.
Three of the factors above.
=
When a bevel is being cut to repair a cap strip on a wing rib, the length of the beveled area on each piece should be:
equal to the thickness of the rib cap stripages.
16 times the thickness of the rib cap stripages. ✅
10 times the thickness of the rib cap stripages.
=
Which type of plywood patch is appropriate for an overlay skin repair where no supporting structure exists under the patch?
Splayed patch.
Surface patch.
Plug patch. ✅
=
Which statement about wood decay is correct?
Decay is not acceptable in any form or amount.✅
Decay that occurs before the wood is seasoned does not affect the strength of the finished piece.
A limited amount of certain kinds of decay is acceptable in aircraft woods since decay affects the binding between the fibers and not the fibers themselves.
=
Pin knot clusters are permitted in wood aircraft structure provided:
no pitch pockets are within 12 inches.
they produce a small effect on grain direction. ✅
they have no mineral streaks.
=
Holes bored for bolts which will hold fittings in place should be cut:
to match the hole diameter of the fitting. ✅
0.002" undersized, to ensure a tight fit through the wood.
0.002" oversized, to allow for sealer between the fitting and the wood.
=
What is the purpose of a gusset or gusset plate used in the construction and repair of aircraft structures?
To provide access for inspection of structural attachments.
To hold structural members in position temporarily until the permanent attachment has been completed.
To join and reinforce intersecting structural members (joints). ✅
=
Any wooden member that has been overstressed is subject to which type of failure?
Bond failure
Compression failure ✅
Finish failure
=
Laminated wood is sometimes used in the construction of highly stressed aircraft components. This wood can be identified by its
perpendicular grain construction
circular grain reinforced diamond construction
parallel grain construction question ✅
=
Where is information found concerning acceptable species substitutions for wood materials used in aircraft repair?
Technical Standard Orders
Aircraft Specifications or Type Certificate Data Sheets
AC 43.13-1B ✅
=
In order to properly inspect wood structure of an aircraft, the wooden components must be:
between 60-80 degrees F.
at a moisture content as close as possible to its principle area of operation.
dry. ✅
=
The slope of the grain of any of wood used for aircraft may not be greater than:
1:15 ✅
1:30
the width to length ratio of that piece.
=
Glued joints are generally designed to take what type of load?
Shear loads. ✅
Tension loads.
Both shear and tension loads.
=
Compression failures in wood aircraft structures are characterized by buckling of the fibers that appear as streaks on the surface
parallel to the grain
at right angles to the grain ✅
at right angles to the growth rings
=
Pin knot clusters are permitted in wood aircraft structure provided
they have no mineral streaks
no pitch pockets are within 12 inches
they produce a small effect on grain direction ✅
=
The I beam wooden spar is routed to
reduce weight ✅
increase strength
obtain uniform strength
=
A faint line running across the grain of a wood spar generally indicates
decay
shear failure
compression failure ✅
=
The strength of a well designed and properly prepared wood splice joint is provided by the
bearing surface of the wood fibers
reinforcement plates
glue ✅
=