=
If registration numbers are to be applied to an aircraft with a letter height of 12 inches, what is the minimum space required for the registration mark N16830? Note: 2/3 x height = character width. 1/6 x height = width for number 1. 1/4 × 2/3 height = spacing. 1/6 x height = stroke or line width.
52 inches. ✅
48 inches.
57 inches.
=
What is the common cause of an unwanted Orange Peel finish on a painted surface?
Contaminates in the paint or air lines.
Paint material is too thick (not enough reducer in the mixture). ✅
Paint material is too thin (too much reducer in the mixture).
=
Which defect in aircraft finishes may be caused by humidity above 80% or incorrect temperature?
Orange peel.
Pinholes.
Blushing.✅
=
What is the most important aspect of ensuring a successful painting operation?
Temperature and viscosity are at the manufacturer's requirement.
The skill of the painter when handling the spray gun.
The preparation of the surface to be painted ✅
=
For use with HVLP spray guns, the critical operating characteristic of the compressed air source is:
constant high pressure.
air volume. ✅
moisture elimination.
=
What is not an advantage of airless spraying equipment compared to an air atomized system?
Reduction in overspray.
Quality of the finish. ✅
Increased transfer efficiency.
=
What is the usual cause of runs and sags in aircraft finishes?
Low atmospheric humidity.
Too much material applied in one coat. ✅
Material is being applied too fast
=
When planning a paint touch-up project following a repair, how can it be determined if the existing topcoat is acrylic or epoxy based?
Apply a coating of engine oil; the acrylic finish will soften.
Wipe with a wet rag of MEK; the MEK picks up the acrylic pigment from the finish. ✅
Remove a small chip of the topcoat and immerse in isopropyl alcohol; within 3-5 minutes an acrylic chip will dissolve.
=
Which properly applied coating is the most abrasion and chemial re sistant?
Synthetic enamel.
Polyurethane. ✅
Acrylic lacquer
=
At what point should the masking paper be removed with all the trim painting completed?
Immediately following the spraying of the new color.
As soon as the last trimmed area is dry to the touch. ✅
When the new color paint is fully cured.
=
Which is not a benefit of epoxy primers?
Chipping resistance.
Sandable. ✅
Is less hazardous than other primer types.
=
Which chemical paint stripper type is considered environmentally friendly?
Methylene chloride systems.
EFS-2500 systems.✅
Benzyl alcohol systems.
=
What is used to slow the drying time of some finishes and to prevent blush?
Reducer.
Retarder. ✅
Rejuvenator.
=
Which of the following solvents can be mixed to reduce the flammability of other substances?
Naptha.
Methylene Chloride. ✅
Acetone.
=
When measuring the viscosity of a primer or topcoat, it is important that the temperature of the material be:
equal to the room air temperature.
equal to the surface temperature of what is being sprayed.
approximately 73.5 degrees F (23 degrees C). ✅
=
Which type of coating includes phosphoric acid as one of its components at the time of application?
Wash primer ✅
Epoxy primer.
Zinc chromate primer.
=
What is the danger when using Linseed oil?
Linseed oil fumes are toxic.
Spontaneous combustion. ✅
Spillage on the exterior of the tube can dissolve some primers.
=
Which statement is true regarding paint system compatibility?
Acrylic nitrocellulose lacquers may be used over old nitrocellulose finishes.
Old type zinc chromate primer may not be used directly for touchup of bare metal surfaces.
Old wash primer coats may be over coated directly with epoxy finishes. ✅
=
If a fisheye appearance occurs after painting, the typical cause is:
improper cleaning of the surface. ✅
trapped solvents in the paint mixture.
dirt or debris in the paint mixture or air lines
=
What is the purpose of adding the Butyl alcohol to a wash coat primer?
Retards the evaporation rate. ✅
Enhances the adhesion qualities of the primer.
Quickens the drying time.
=
When spraying topcoat or primer, how far is the spray head held from the painted surface?
8-10 inches. ✅
12-16 inches.
Determined by product data sheet based on temperature and viscosity.
=
Why are HVLP spray guns considered excellent for painting large aircraft? 
*الاجابة جت بصيغه قريبه من ذي حاول تفهم
not require high air pressure ✅
They do not require a designated spray booth
They do not consume any paint materials
=
Polyurethane paint is used for what purpose?  
*السؤال جا بصيغة ثانيه بس  Polyurethane يستخدم لانه يقاوم الاشعه فوق البنفسجية UV
Reduces aircraft weight
Provides natural resistance to the damaging effects of UV rays ✅
Adds extra shine only to the outer layer
=
When an aircraft surface is exposed to excessive heat and air, what happens to the paint?
*جا بصغية قريبه من ذي بس الاجابه نفسها صعب ان البويه تنشال
Paint becomes tough to sand or refinish
Paint appearance becomes uneven and dull
Paint becomes hard and difficult to remove ✅
=
If you have an unpainted aluminum surface, what is the first thing you must do before painting?
*برضو بصغيه قريبه بس الفكره وحده
It must be primed immediately
It must be cleaned before painting ✅
It must be sanded before applying paint
=
If you have an unpainted aluminum surface, what must NOT be done before painting?
*جا بصيغه ثانيه بس الفكره الاساسيه ان  unpainted aluminum لازم ماتكون عليه اي اثار يد او اي شي 
Do not leave it with fingerprints or hand marks ✅
Do not wipe it with clean solvent
Do not dry it before priming
=
What is the first step before applying primer on a metal surface?
*جا بصيغة ثانيه بس نفس الفكره
Masking the edges
Surface preparation (cleaning, etching, drying) ✅
Applying thinner
=
What measures the viscosity of paint?
*بصيغه ثانيه قريبه
Paint filter
Zahn cup ✅
Pressure gauge
=
Which condition is most likely to cause blushing in a paint finish?
*بصيغه ثانيه قريبه
High ✅
Low 
Not important
=
correct locations for rotorcraft registration marks
*بصيغه ثانيه قريبه - يتكلم عن موقع الشعار فالهيلكوبتر
Cabin, Body, Tail ✅
Wings, Elevator
Doors, Landing Gear
=
What is the main benefit of applying primer before painting?
* الصيغة مختلفه بس نفس الاجابة فائدة الـprumer يحفظ المعدن من الصدا
looks better
protects against corrosion ✅
adds shine to the surface
=