A Bourbon tube instrument maybe used to indicate: 
*1. pressure. 
*2. temperature. 
*3. position.
1.
2 and 3.
1 and 2. ✅ 
=
Which of the following conditions is most likely to cause the landing gear warning signal to sound?
Landing gear locked down and throttles retarded.
Landing gear not locked down and throttles retarded. ✅ 
Landing gear locked down and throttle advanced.
=
Aircraft instruments should be marked and graduated in accordance with:
both the aircraft and engine manufacturers' specifications.
the instrument manufacturer's specifications.
the specific aircraft maintenance or flight manual. ✅ 
=
Which of the following describes the principle upon which a ring laser gyro operates?
A laser beam will speed up when traveling a longer distance.  
The wavelength of a laser beam will compress or expand when traveling in a plane of rotation. ✅
The frequency of a laser beam remains constant once generated.
=
Why are most static vents located on the side of the fuselage?
To prevent hysteresis. 
To prevent icing.
To reduce position error.  ✅
=
Magnetic compass bowls are filled with a liquid to:
dampen the oscillation of the float. ✅ 
reduce deviation errors.
retard precession of the float.
=
Data transmitted between components in an EFIS are converted into:
digital signals. ✅ 
analogue signals.
carrier wave signals.
=
A direction indicating instrument that combines the use of a gyro and a magnetic compass is called:
a ring gyro heading indicator.
a flux gate compass. ✅ 
a directional gyro.
=
Stall warning systems are generally designed to begin warning the pilot when a stall:
is starting to occur.
first affects the outboard portions of the wings.
is imminent. ✅ 
=
Pressure switches:
are used to drive a vacuum gauge.
are electro-mechanical devices. ✅ 
are rarely used on aircraft.
=
(1) Aircraft instruments are color-coded to direct attention to operational ranges and limitations. 
*(2) Aircraft instruments range markings are not specified by Title 14 of the code of Federal Regulations but are standardized by aircraft manufacturers.
only No. 1 is true. ✅ 
both No.1 and No. 2 are true.
only No. 2 is true.
=
How many of the following are controlled by gyroscopes? 
*1. Attitude indicator. 
*2. Heading indicator. 
*3. Turn needle of the turn and slip indicator.
Three. ✅
One.
Two.  
=
What is the fixed line mark attached to the compass bowl of a magnetic compass called?
Reference line.
Lubber line. ✅ 
Reeder line.
=
What is BITE?
Built-in test equipment. ✅ 
Built-in test for engines.
Built-in test envelope.
=
Who is authorized to repair an aircraft instrument? 
*1. A certified mechanic with an airframe rating. 
*2. A certified repairman with an airframe rating. 
*3. A certified repair station approved for that class instrument. 
*4. A certificated airframe repair station.
3 and 4.
3. ✅ 
1, 2, 3 and 4.
=
Instrument panel shock mounts absorb:
low frequency, high-amplitude shocks. ✅ 
high G shock loads imposed by turbulent air.
high energy impact shocks caused by hard landings.
=
How many of the following instruments will normally have range markings? 
*1. Airspeed indicator. 
*2. Altimeter. 
*3. Cylinder head temperature gauge.
Two. ✅
One.  
Three.
=
The method of mounting aircraft instruments in their respective panel depends on the:
instrument manufacturer.
design of the instrument panel.
design of the instrument case. ✅ 
=
(1) An airspeed indicator measures the differential between pitot and static air pressures surrounding the aircraft at any moment of flight. 
*(2) An airspeed indicator measures the differential between pitot and cabin air pressures at any moment of flight.
both No.1 and No.2 are true
only No. 2 is true.
only No.1 is true. ✅ 
=
Solid-state pressure sensing units:
change impedance when under pressure.
are direct indicating instruments.
create electricity or vary resistance when under pressure. ✅ 
=
How is a flangeless instrument case mounted in an instrument panel?
By four machine screws which extend through the instrument panel.
By an expanding type clamp secured to the back of the panel and tightened by a screw from the front of the instrument panel. ✅ 
By a metal shelf separate from and located behind the instrument panel.
=
The maximum deviation (during level flight) permitted in a compensated magnetic direction indicator should normally be:
10 degrees. ✅
6 degrees.
8 degrees.  
=
Which simple device is required on the flight deck of all IFR-certified aircraft?
A flashlight.
An AM radio.
A clock. ✅
=
The primary purpose of a take-off warning system is to alert the crew that a monitored flight control is not properly set prior to take-off. The system is activated by:
a thrust lever. ✅
an 80 knot airspeed sensor.
an ignition system switch not set for take-off.
=
A gyro spinning at high speed has a unique property called rigidity in space. This means:
it will to spin indefinitely if all friction is removed.
it cannot be moved if a force less than its mass acts upon it.
the rotor of a free gyro will always point in the same direction regardless of the positioning of the base. ✅
=
Which procedure should you use if you find a vacuum operated instrument glass loose?
Mark the case and glass with a slippage mark.
Replace the glass.
Install another instrument. ✅
=
When installing an instrument in an aircraft, who is responsible for making sure it is properly marked?
The aircraft owner.
The instrument installer. ✅
The instrument manufacturer.
=
When swinging a magnetic compass, the compensators are adjusted to correct for
magnetic influence deviation.✅
compass card oscillations.
magnetic variations.
=
