=
In what area of an aircraft would you find a carbon monoxide detector?
Engine and/or nacelle.
Surface combustion heater compartment.
Cockpit and/or cabin.✅
=
What method is used to detect the thermal discharge of a built in fire extinguishing system?
a discolouring of the yellow plastic disk in the thermal discharge line.
a rupture of the red plastic disk in the thermal discharge line. ✅
the thermal plug missing from the side of the bottle.
=
What type of fire extinguishing agent is used in built in cargo compartment extinguishing systems?
Halon 1301 or equivalent. ✅
Carbon dioxide or equivalent.
Dry Powder chemicals or equivalent.
=
Cargo compartments are classified by their accessibility for flight crew members to detect and extinguish the fire. The classification of a cargo compartment on an aircraft used only for cargo in which cockpit displays and controls provide the flight crew with the means to detect and extinguish a fire is:
Class E.✅
Class B.
Class C.
=
When the engine fire switch is activated the engine shuts down due to:
fire retardant agent displacing air (oxygen) flow.
fuel flow being cut off.✅
ignition being cut off.
=
When a fire has been extinguished, a Fenwall fire detection system:
automatically returns to standby status.
must be reset by an operator to continue service.
must have the sensing element replaced before returning to service. ✅
=
Class B fire zones in Power plant compartments are:
areas of no airflow such as wheel wells.
areas of low airflow such as an accessory compartment. ✅
area of heavy airflow past aerodynamically clean obstructions.
=
On a periodic check of fire extinguisher containers, the pressure was not between minimum and maximum limits. What procedure should be followed?
Replace the extinguisher container. ✅
Release pressure if above limits.
Increase pressure if below limits.
=
A squib, as used in a fire protection system, is a:
temperature sensing device.
probe used for installing frangible disks in extinguisher bottles.
device for causing the fire extinguishing agent to be released. ✅
=
In some fire extinguishing systems, evidence that the system has been intentionally discharged is indicated by the absence of a:
red disk on the side of the fuselage.
yellow disk on the side of the fuselage. ✅
green disk on the side of the fuselage.
=
Which fire extinguishing agent is considered to be the least toxic?
Bromochloromethsane (Halon 1011).
Carbon dioxide.
Bromofluoromethane (Halon 1301). ✅
=
