=
What is the main difference between an APU and a main aircraft engine ?
The engine helps to start up the APU and then uses it to generate pneumatic and electricity power
The APU helps to start the Aircraft engines
The APU is designed for the start to be initiated and then it will run automatically ✅
=
What is the primary purpose of an APU 
To generate the needed power for the instruments
To allow the aircraft to be self-sufficient on the ground ✅
To help the aircraft during emergencies
=
Many engine APU's hoist
Fasteners
Bearings
Fittings ✅
=
How may a person on the ground become aware of an APU fire warning ? 
By the light and Sound ✅
By the cockpit instruments
By the smell
=
What is the purpose of a shroud around the APU fuel supply line ?
To provide stability to the line
To eliminate  vibrations
The fuel supply line is shrouded if it passes through a pressurized area in case the line leaks ✅
=
Which of the following is a possible cause of APU auto shutdown ?
Overspeed- Actual event or overspeed test ✅
overheat-APU overheats after a period of time passes
excessive vibration
=
When necessary, APU engine cooling before shutdown may be accomplished by
﻿﻿unloading the generator(s).
﻿﻿closing the bleed air valve. ✅
opening the bleed air valve.
=
On APU's equipped with a free turbine and load compressor, the primary function of the load compressor is to
provide bleed air for the aircraft pneumatic systems ✅
provide air for combustion and cooling in the engine gas patch
supply the turning force for operation of the APU generator(s)
=
Generally, when maximum APU shaft output power is being used in conjunction with pneumatic power
electrical loading will be automatically modulated to maintain a safe EGT
pneumatic loading will be automatically modulated to maintain a safe EGT ✅
temperature limits and load must be carefully  monitored by the operator to maintain a safe EGT
=
Fuel is normally supplied to an APU from 
the airplane's reserve fuel supply
the airplane's main fuel supply ✅
its own independent fuel supply
=
frequently, an aircraft's auxiliary power unit (APU) generator 
is identical to the engine-driven generators ✅
supplements the aircraft's engine-driven generators during peak loads
has a higher load capacity than the engine-driven generators
=
Usually, most of the load placed on an APU occurs when
an electrical load is placed on the generators).
﻿﻿the bleed air valve is opened. ✅
﻿﻿the bleed air valve is closed.
=
An APU is usually rotated during start by
a turbine impingement system
an electric starter ✅
a pneumatic starter
=
When in operation, the speed of an APU
is controlled by a cockpit power lever.
remains at idle and automatically accelerates to rated speed when placed under load.
remains at or near rated speed regardless of the load condition. ✅
=
Frequently, an aircraft's auxiliary power unit (APU) generator
is identical to the engine-driven generators. ✅
supplements the aircrafts engine-driven generators duringpeak loads.
has a higher load capacity than the engine-driven generators.
=
Fuel scheduling during APU start and under varying pneumatic bleed and electrical loads is maintained
manually through power control lever position.
automatically by the APU fuel control system. ✅
automatically by an aircraft main engine fuel control unit.
=
The function of an APU air inlet plenum is to
﻿﻿increase the velocity of the air before entering the compressor.
﻿﻿decrease the pressure of the air before entering the compressor.
stabilize the pressure of the air before it enters the compressor. ✅
=
Many APU engine hoists:
Fitting ✅
Coupling
Attaching
=
Which of the following is a possible cause of APU autoshutdown?
Underspeed - actual event or low speed test.
Overspeed - actual event or overspeed test. ✅
Overheat - actual event or high temperature test.
=
What is the purpose of a shroud around an APU fuel supply line?
The fuel supply line is shrouded if it passes through a pressurised area, in case the line leaks. ✅
The fuel supply line is shrouded if it passes through an unpressurised area, in case the line leaks.
The fuel supply line is shrouded if it passes through a high heat area, in case the line melt.
=
How may a person on the ground become aware of an APU fire warning?
Bell & horn
Light & Sound ✅
Light & smoke
=
